Assignment 6 - Bloom Filters, Hashing, and the Red Queen’s Decrees

To use this program the user must enter the supported options of -s, -h, -f, -m, or -b, or any combination of those except for -m and -b (as only one can be active at time). When the user enters -s, a statistics report will output once user enters ctrl+d in terminal. This will cause the program to suppress all the words and simply display stats such as seeks, average seek length/linked list length, hashtable/bloom filter loads respectively in tabular format. If user enters -h then they can enter a specified size to change the hash table size (default of 10000 if not entered). For -f the user can change the size of bloom filter with a specified value if desired (default 2^20 if not entered), finally for -m  the movetofront variable will be set, causing searched node in linked list to be placed at start of list, when -b is typed in by user the movetofront will not be used. So only one of these at a time can be used, while all other options will work in any combo. The user can use I/O redirection by typing in the terminal ./filename < file.txt, where filename is hatterspeak and the file.txt is any desired text with space separate words to be feed into the program and used as input, if desired. If not, simply standard input is supported from keyboard, so user will need to enter words they wish and when done press ctrl+d to signal eof. Once the words are entered in via any of those 2 ways, an ouput message will be displayed based on if words inputted were part of the bloom filter and hashtable, and if they have a corresponding translation or not. Else if not in bloomfilter, it will not be accepted so there will be no output.

To build program type in make or make all. The make infer errors that resulted were: first was one from the BitVector lab error, the rest are cleared up during runtime, because to check if the allocation was successful there is a check of if not NULL. The NULL dereference warning is due to placing NULL into the hatterspeak if there is no translation. I am trying to allocate space in the node to be able to copy into it the strings of the current HatterSpeak struct being passed.

Built in UNIX timeshare terminal using Vim

Author: Din Bostandzic
